AWS RDS Setup (Free Tier):
1. Get on AWS and create an account if you don't have one already.
2. After logging in, click on DB instances link
3. Click on Create Instance.
4. Make sure Standard Create is selected
5. Select engine (we did Postgres and the default version is fine)
6. For templates, choose Free Tier
5. Give database a name (DB instance identifier)
6. Set up DB credentials (username and password)
7. db.t2.micro should be selected for the DB instance size
8. For storage:
	-Select General Purpose (SSD)
	-20 GiB
	-Deselect Enable storage autoscaling
9. For Connectivity:
	-Select public access
	-Create a new VPC security group if you don't already have one and name it
	-No preference on Availability Zones
	-Default port is fine: 5432
10. Database authentication, choose password authenticated
11. In additional configuration, create an initial database name
12. Turn off automatic backups
13. Deselect enable performance insights
14. No monitoring and no logging
15. Default is fine for everything else
16. Click Create Database

Security Group Setup:
1. In your RDS instance, click on your security group
2. Click on the security group id
3. Click on edit inbound rules
4. Click on add rule
5. Select all traffic (whatever you want to do with AWS, this will allow you to do it)
6. Select my IP
7. Provide a description if you want
8. Click save
9. If you move or your IP address changes, you will need to change your security group rule

Connecting to RDS in DBeaver:
1. In the Database Navigator, right-click, hover over Create, and click Connection
2. Select Postgres
3. Host name is the RDS endpoint (found in the DB instance on AWS site)
4. For the database name, use the initial database name you used when you created your DB instance
5. Enter the DB instance username and password
6. Click Test Connection.
7. If the connection is successful, click Finish
8. From here, you can create another database with the same DB instance using a create database command in a SQL script

Steps to Delete RDS Before Free Tier is Over:
1. Under your DB instance on AWS, click the Actions drop down menu
2. Select Delete
3. Deselect creating a final snapshot
4. Select the acknowlege box too

Delete Database in DB Instance in DBeaver:
1. Delete connection
2. Run the SQL query DROP DATABSE DatabaseName;
3. Make sure your DB Instance name is displayed in the SQL Editor when you do so
